# furry-invention
Segmentation and Extraction of Cultivated Land from Remote Sensing Images 
Cultivated land is the most basic material condition for agricultural production and the solution of food security problems. The increase or decrease of its quantity and the change of spatial distribution will directly affect the supply of food.
In 2020, in the face of the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic and the downward pressure on the economy, the central government requires the implementation of the most stringent farmland protection policy and strictly adheres to the red line of 1.8 billion mu of farmland. Due to China's vast territory and large differences in landforms, this has also caused many difficulties in accurately identifying cultivated land.
In response to the several question requirements given in the B track of the MathorCup MathorCup Mathematical Modeling Challenge (Big Data Competition) in 2020, the main research ideas of this article are as follows:
For question one, the answer to question one should be derived on the basis of question two. To calculate the proportion of cultivated land in the image, it is necessary to segment and extract the target area first, distinguish the foreground and the background, and then use the corresponding algorithm Calculate the proportion of prospects. Use the Matlab algorithm to refer to the annotated image in the attachment to convert the segmented image into a binary image, and then calculate the proportion of cultivated land. The relevant data has been presented in the paper.
For question two, we use Mean Shift clustering algorithm and multi-scale remote sensing image segmentation method to segment and extract farmland based on the provided picture analysis. When segmenting the cultivated land area in the image. Other ground cover outside the farming area can be treated as a background area. In the segmentation process, you only need to pay attention to keeping the boundary between the fields as clear as possible. The focus of modeling is to improve the segmentation accuracy of the target plot and complete the extraction. Spend.
Finally, for question three, based on the research of the first two questions, combined with my country’s national geographic conditions, we analyzed the difficulties and key points in the segmentation and extraction of remote sensing image plots, and proposed an automatic recognition algorithm for cultivated land types based on image window sub-areas. , The construction of experimental data sets, the idea of ​​land recognition. 
